nrf_desktop: Introduce WWCB compatible configuration (#6449)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * Added:
> 
>   * Added possibility to ask for bootloader variant using config channel.
>   * Added working with ChromeBook (WWCB) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Possibility to ask for bootloader variant using config channel.
  * Configuration for Working with ChromeBook (WWCB).
```

>   * Added working with ChromeBook (WWCB) configuration.

Reviewer 2: @greg-fer, should we add the wwcb configuration to the configuration list in README ?

Reviewer: Yes, we should add it.

> * From now on, Bluetooth TX power level is assumed to be 0 dBm. This is the value that is sent in unbonded advertising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth TX power level is now assumed to be 0 dBm.
   This value is sent in unbonded advertising.
```

> * From now on, Bluetooth TX power level is assumed to be 0 dBm. This is the value that is sent in unbonded advertising.

Reviewer 2: I would move this information to nrf_desktop_ble_adv documentation.

  * Possibility to ask for bootloader variant using config channel.
  * Added Kconfig options that allow erasing dongle bond on the gaming mouse using buttons or config channel.
  * Added two states to enable erasing dongle peer: ``STATE_DONGLE_ERASE_PEER`` and ``STATE_DONGLE_ERASE_ADV``.
  * Configuration for Working with ChromeBook (WWCB).

> * Updated:
> 
>    * Documentation and diagrams for the Bluetooth LE bond internal module.
> 
> * Bluetooth TX power level is now assumed to be 0 dBm during advertising.
>   This value is sent in unbonded advertising.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated:

   * Documentation and diagrams for the Bluetooth LE bond internal module.
   * Bluetooth transmission power level for the Bluetooth LE advertising module.
     It is now assumed to be 0 dBm during advertising.

```

Reviewer 3: This is not fixed. Please fix this.

Author: Actually, it is fixed.

   * Config channel no longer uses orphaned sections to store module Id information.
     Hence, the :kconfig:`CONFIG_LINKER_ORPHAN_SECTION_PLACE` option is no longer required in the config file.

> * Bluetooth transmission power level for the Bluetooth LE advertising module.

Reviewer 3: This is not fixed. It should be in line with the bullet point of 'config'.

    ``MODULE_ID`` macro and :c:func:`module_id_get` function now returns module reference from dedicated section instead of module name.
    The module name can not be obtained from reference object directly, a helper function (:c:func:`module_name_get`) should be used instead.

> * Added possibility of setting custom BLE advertising intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added possibility of setting custom Bluetooth LE advertising intervals.
```
`BLE` is forbidden in docs.

    ``MODULE_ID`` macro and :c:func:`module_id_get` function now returns module reference from dedicated section instead of module name.
    The module name can not be obtained from reference object directly, a helper function (:c:func:`module_name_get`) should be used instead.

> * Added possibility of setting custom Bluetooth LE advertising intervals.

Reviewer: Was this added to a module or to CAF in general? If to a module, add it like the entries in lines 166-169. If to CAF in general, move the entry to after line 165.

Reviewer 3: This is not fixed. Please fix this.

Author: I moved it now. Please see if it's ok.
